ATTENTION: GENERATOR USERS WHO WANT TO AUTOMATE THEIR POWER CHANGEOVER SYSTEM
"HOW TO START/OFF YOUR GENERATOR AND CHANGEOVER TO PHCN IMMEDIATELY "
WITHOUT YOUR INTERVENTION

1. Either you paid a lot of money to a professional copywriter to create an ad for you, or
2. After many hours spent staring in frustration at your computer, you wrote the ad yourself. Whichever option you chose, it certainly wasn't worth the time or money. Leaving you back where you started...knowing that great ads mean higher sales, but not knowing how to create great ads easily and cheaply.
Fortunately, there's a solution.
Introducing ASOM Automatic Changeover Switch
ASOM start/off your Generator and change-over your power between PHCN and Generator automatically..
... No more stress of start/off your generator and changeover to PHCN.
... No more distraction of having a sound sleep.
... No more putting your life at risk to operate your generator .
simply install ASOM Automatic Changeover switch and start to save yourself the stress of operating your Generator and changing over your power..
ASOM Crushes the Competition
Although ASOM isn't the only Automatic Changeover Switch on the market, it's the best.
Why?
Because my Automatic Changeover Switch offers has automatic and manual operation combined .
My competitors' Manual changeover don't offer .
However, if you want an automated power system, you need to do more than --you need ASOM .
Now You Can automatically turn On/Off Generator and change-over your power between PHCN and Generator even when you are sleeping, busy or away from home .
-3 - Phase
-Automatic mode and Manual mode Operations
-Suitable for Diesel and Petrol Generator 
-Can Start and Stop Diesel Generator Automatically 
-Can switch off petrol Generator Automatically when PHCN restores power
-Suitable for Industrial, Commercial and Offices
-Suitable for Mansion, Duplex, 5, 4, 3, 2 - Bedroom apartment
All for less than the cost of manual changeover.
I know what you're probably thinking right now.
Sure, it sounds great, but how do I know this automatic changeover is better than my manual changeover ?
ASOM Automatic Changeover Switch is a Unique BRAND that is carefully made under an advanced Technology to match the Nigerian power situation.
To understand what makes ASOM such a powerful device, let me tell you how it was developed.

Here’s The comfort and convenient Way To Automate Your Power System
ASOM is super easy-to-use.
... even if you are a low income earner .
... even if you are not technically savvy.
... even if you have never see or heard of an automatic changeover switch.



Open Automatic Script and choose the type of ad you want to create.

Answer questions about your brand. Don't worry! I'll provide you with examples to help you answer them.

View the customized, completed ad in a text editor. Make your final edits before saving it as a Word doc, PDF file, PPT file, or Google doc. That's it! Want to go back and make changes? All your answers are saved, so future edits are a breeze!
The FASTEST Way to automate your power system
Most people limit themselves by believing that good results take a long time.
While it can work that way, it doesn't have to.
Not when ASOM Automatic Changeover Switch.
Think about it.
By , you could .
Not in . Not in . Not in .
In just with ASOM .
Imagine What It Would Be Like To...
enjoy uninterrupted power supply.
enjoy uninterrupted power supply.
sleep all night without distraction of need to start/off your generator and change your power .
never lose your food stored in the refrigerator as this device will help you monitor your power supply.
never operate your manual changeover.
never have to go Up and Down, In and Out all the time to operate your Generator and changeover.

You can have all of these things with ASOM .

How Do I Know ASOM Works?

• Email open rates quadrupled
• Sales were 2X, 3X, and sometimes even 4X higher
• I practically doubled the number of contacts in my email list
• My social media followers grew by 35%
That's why I love ASOM .
Why are you going to love ASOM ? It will:
• save you a lot of stress you go through to start/off your generator
• save you a lot of time spent changing your power manually
• put an end to the risk of going outside at night to operate your generator
• make operation of your business easier and smoother
• Help you save fuel consumption drastically

But don't just take my word for it. Read what our users have to say:
The Automatic Changeover Switch is a very good and effective device that has been helping me to quickly switch off my Generator immediatly there is power supply from PHCN and switch me into the PHCN phase. It has helped me to eradicate the stress of having to go outside to switch off my Gen. especially at night.

The product is good!
--Ik. Eberendu, Lagos
Thank you so much for i don't longer go out whenever PHCN restores power to put off the generator. What a convenient way for my children to remain indoor especially when I am away, Hope to spread the good news as I am enjoying it.
--Jessa Aghogho
I love this! It is working perfectly! No more stress of going outside to off my generator when NEPA comes
--Oguchi T. Micheal

With ASOM , You'll Get:
• The convenience that you desire using an automatic changeover switch
• The same comfort enjoyed by multiple users of this wonderful product (ASOM Automatic changeover switch)
• Unique BRAND that is carefully manufactured under an advanced Technology to match the Nigerian power situation
• Fire Proof Enclosure that assures fire free environment
• Easy Fix Features that ensures easy, quick and better installation
• A Push Button that will allow you to switch off your petrol generator from the comfort of your home if you decide to turn off your generator before PHCN restores power
• Automatic Generator Ignition Switch which will automatically switch off your generator whenever PHCN restores power (when NEPA bring light)
• A switch that allows you to select automatic or manual mode
•
•
But that's not all...
Try ASOM , and you'll also receive a special bonus!

ASOM
Is an UNBELIEVABLE Bargain!
If you had to pay a panel builder to construct an ATS, it would cost more than N150,000.
And that's just for an average panel builder. If you wanted to hire a top panel builder, that figure would be N500,000. At least.
I'm making ASOM available for a fraction of that.
And you're getting an incredible value:
-
-
-
That's worth
But because , I'm offering it for the low price of !
GET ASOM AUTOMATIC CHANGEOVER SWITCH NOW
Don't Delay!
This offer is only available until time count down. You must ACT NOW if you want to enjoy the discount
Buy Automatic Script Today

100% Risk-Free Guarantee
Because I know you're going to love ASOM , I'm offering a risk-free guarantee. If you're not completely satisfied with , I'll refund every penny of your purchase, no questions asked.

GET ASOM AUTOMATIC CHANGEOVER SWITCH NOW
I urge you not to ignore this offer.
I know you don't want to continue...
... going through the stress of operating your generator and manual changeover
... wasting your fuel while waiting for your operator/guard to turn Off your generator
... denying yourself a sound sleep because of the need to start/off your generator and change your power
... loosing your food stored in the refrigerator as this device will help you monitor your power supply
... operating your manual changeover
... going Up and Down, In and Out all the time to operate your Generator and changeover
Sounds depressing, doesn't it?
It would be if you couldn't do anything to change it.
Fortunately, you can.
By buying ASOM Automatic Changeover Switch today, you can experience the difference between operating your power manually and operating your power automatically
Try ASOM and discover the difference for yourself!
Buy Automatic Script Today

Sincerely,
Ashmath Integrated Projects Limited
Designer of ASOM Automatic Changeover Switch
PS It's a simple fact. If you want comfort, convenience and smooth business operation, you need Automatic Changeover Switch. ASOM Automatic Changeover Switch does that. . it's a Unique BRAND that is carefully made under an advanced Technology to match the Nigerian power situation. This device will help you turn start/off your Generator and change-over your power between PHCN and Generator automatically.
